add: docs for import all feature (#1152)
safe-global/web-core: src/components/settings/ImportAllDialog/documentation.md

## Data Import / Export

> Currently we only support the import of data from our old web interface (safe-react) to the new one (web-core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently we only support the importing of data from our old web interface (safe-react) to the new one (web-core).
```

### How does the export work?

> In the old interface navigate to `Settings -> Details -> Download your data` this button will download a `.json` file which contains the **entire localStorage**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the old interface navigate to `Settings -> Details -> Download your data`. This button will download a `.json` file which contains the **entire localStorage**.
```

The export files have this format:

```json
{
    "version": "1.0",
    "data": {
        <entire localStorage here>
    }
}
```

### How does the import work?

In the new interface navigate to `/import` or `Settings -> Data` and open the _Import all data_ modal.

> The import will only use specific information of this data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will only import specific data:
```

> - The added Safes
> - The address book entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The added Safes
- The (valid*) address book entries

* Only named, checksummed address book entries will be added.
```

#### Address book

All address book entries are stored under the key `SAFE__addressBook`.

> This entry contains a stringified version of the address book json with format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This entry contains a stringified address book with the followinf format:
```

```ts
{
  address: string
  name: string
  chainId: string

> }
> ;[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}[]
```

```

Example:

```json
{
  "version": "1.0",
  "data": {
    "SAFE__addressBook": "[{\"address\":\"0xB5E64e857bb7b5350196C5BAc8d639ceC1072745\",\"name\":\"Testname\",\"chainId\":\"5\"},{\"address\":\"0x08f6466dD7891ac9A60C769c7521b0CF2F60c153\",\"name\":\"authentic-goerli-safe\",\"chainId\":\"5\"}]"
  }
}
```

#### Added safes

> Added safes are stored in one entry per chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added safes are stored under one entry per chain.
```

> Each entry has a key in this format: `_immortal|v2_<chainPrefix>__SAFES`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each entry has a key in following format: `_immortal|v2_<chainPrefix>__SAFES`
```

> Chain prefix is either just the chainId or prefixes for the following chains:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The chain prefix is either the chain ID or prefix, as follows:
```

```
  '1': 'MAINNET',
  '56': 'BSC',
  '100': 'XDAI',
  '137': 'POLYGON',
  '246': 'ENERGY_WEB_CHAIN',
  '42161': 'ARBITRUM',
  '73799': 'VOLTA',
```

Examples:

- `_immortal|v2_MAINNET__SAFES` for mainnet
- `_immortal|v2_5__SAFES` for goerli (chainId 5)

> Inside each of these keys the full safe information (including balances) is stored in stringified format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside each of these keys the full Safe information (including balances) is stored in stringified format.
```

  }
}
```

### Noteworthy

> - Rinkeby data will be ignored as it's not supported anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only address book entries with names and checksummed addresses will be imported.
- Rinkeby data will be ignored as it's not supported anymore.
```
